first attempt for readme (#3)
kurtosis-tech/vscode-kurtosis: README.md

> # Kurtosis Starlark VsCode Extenstion (Official) (Pre-release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Kurtosis Starlark VSCode Extension (Official) (Pre-release)
```

> The kurtosis extension provides enriched experience for developers writing kurtosis packages in starlark. Some of the features this extension supports are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Official Kurtosis Starlark VSCode extension enriches developer experience when writing Kurtosis packages in Starlark. The specific features supported are:
```

> 1. Syntax Highlighting for Starlark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Syntax highlighting
```

> 2. Autocomplete for Kurtosis defined instructions and types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Auto-completion of Kurtosis defined Starlark instructions and types
```

> 3. Hover functionality is available

Reviewer: @Peeeekay is this for variables, types, and instructions?

```suggestion
3. Hover functionality
```

Author: for functions at the moment.

> 4. Method Signature is available for kurtosis builtins 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Method signature suggestions for Kurtosis defined Starlark instructions and types
```

Is this more accurate @Peeeekay ?

This extension is currently under continous development and may feel little rough around the edges. There are many exciting capabilites added to this extension in upcoming months; meanwhile if you encounter any issues - please report them using `kurtosis feedback` and we shall incorporate them.

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: Are there any VSCode version requirements to call out?

Author: good point; I can use this one - `1.74.2` ( that's what I currently have)

Reviewer: That's the Nov 2022 monthly release of VSCode, I think we can just say this:
```suggestion
## Requirements
1. VSCode 1.74.2 and newer
```

# Kurtosis Starlark VSCode Extension (Official) (Pre-release)

The Official Kurtosis Starlark VSCode extension enriches developer experience when writing Kurtosis packages in Starlark. The specific features supported are:

1. Syntax Highlighting
2. Auto-completion of Kurtosis defined Starlark instructions and types

> 3. Hover functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Hover preview for functions 
```
